TELCODOCS-961 - Configuring PGT CRs with compliance duration settings (#51094)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ztp-configuring-pgt-compliance-eval-timeouts.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// *

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="ztp-configuring-pgt-compliance-eval-timeouts_{context}"]
= Configuring compliance evaluation timeouts for PolicyGenTemplate CRs

> You can configure PolicyGenTemplate CRs with duration settings for how long a cluster can be in a state of policy compliance or non-compliance before {rh-rhacm} re-evaluates the applied cluster policies. The default value for the `noncompliant` state is 10 seconds. The default value for the `compliant` state is 10 minutes. To disable the evaluation interval, set the value to `never`.

Reviewer: The duration settings are applied to a ConfigurationPolicy and they are not cluster wide configuration.

Author: Updated. PTAL

Use {rh-rhacm-first} installed on a hub cluster to monitor and report on whether your managed clusters are compliant with applied policies. {rh-rhacm} uses policy templates to apply predefined policy controllers and policies. Policy controllers are Kubernetes custom resource definition (CRD) instances.

You can override the default policy evaluation intervals with `PolicyGenTemplate` custom resources (CRs). You configure duration settings that define how long a `ConfigurationPolicy` CR can be in a state of policy compliance or non-compliance before {rh-rhacm} re-evaluates the applied cluster policies.

The zero touch provisioning (ZTP) policy generator generates `ConfigurationPolicy` CR policies with pre-defined policy evaluation intervals. The default value for the `noncompliant` state is 10 seconds. The default value for the `compliant` state is 10 minutes. To disable the evaluation interval, set the value to `never`.

.Prerequisites

* You have installed the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).

* You have logged in to the hub cluster as a user with `cluster-admin` privileges.

* You have created a Git repository where you manage your custom site configuration data.

.Procedure

> . To configure the evaluation interval for all policies in a `PolicyGenTemplate` CR, add `evaluationInterval` to the `spec` field, setting appropriate `compliant` and `noncompliant` values, for example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. To configure the evaluation interval for all policies in a `PolicyGenTemplate` CR, add `evaluationInterval` to the `spec` field, and then set the appropriate `compliant` and `noncompliant` values. For example:
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
spec:
  evaluationInterval:
    compliant: 30m
    noncompliant: 20s
----

. To configure the evaluation interval for the `spec.sourceFiles` object in a `PolicyGenTemplate` CR, add `evaluationInterval` to the `sourceFiles` field, for example:
+
[source,yaml]
----
spec:
  sourceFiles:
   - fileName: SriovSubscription.yaml
     policyName: "sriov-sub-policy"
     evaluationInterval:
       compliant: never
       noncompliant: 10s
----

. Commit the `PolicyGenTemplate` CRs files in the Git repository and push your changes.

> .Verification

Reviewer 2: I believe your preview might be out of date. The Verification steps are not in the published output. Please update, so I can verify that it looks OK.

Reviewer 2: /remove-label peer-review-in-progress
/remove-label peer-review-needed
/label peer-review-done
